Alcugs H'uru server emulator project.

Status
------
This is an attempt of a server emulator.

Check the file TODO to see what is still not implented.

Read the file COPYING and DISCLAIMER to check the license.

Read the ChangeLog, to see, how is going all.


For the impatient
-----------------
Congratulations, you have arribed here, now continue reading! :)


Requirements
------------

You need to have development headers and libraryes of openssl,mysql,zlib, and other stuff...


Compiling
---------

Simple, like others:
if you are using linux type in your command prompt:

$ make all

(There could be some minor problems on other *nix systems)

If you are using the inferior OS called 'windows'.
1) Download and install Cygwin
2) Download mysql with the C API
3) Fix the Makefiles
4) Compile by the same way


Installing
----------

A) Automated installation:

Type
./install.sh [destination]
or
make install

then,
copy the client sdl and age files inside the lobby/sdl and lobby/age folders.

--

B) Manual installation:
1) Just create the next void directoryes:

auth
vault
tracking
lobby

2) And
* copy the uru_auth and uru.conf to the auth directory.
* copy the uru_vault and uru.conf to the vault directory.
* copy the uru_track and uru.conf to the tracking directory.
* copy the uru_lobby, uru_game and uru.conf to the lobby directory.
* create a sdl directory (case sensitive), inside the lobby directory, and copy the contents,
of the specific client that you are going to use. Using different SDL files in the client
than the ones in the server will cause a nice stack dump in the client side, and a nice
SEGFAULT in the server side. (The server allows both, encrypted and plain text sdl files).
Remember to udpate the SDL files in the vault manager.

3) Configure each one of the different uru.conf files, all of them are different.
Never use the 127.0.0.1 address or you will have problems. Pay attention to config
the correct address to each specific server, auth, vault, tracking.
And be sure that you put the correct public IP address in the required field.
Also, you need to create and configure a mysql user account with permissions to create
 databases.
The database names are specified in the config file.

4) Start the servers in the next order: auth, vault, track, lobby.

5) Point your client to the server and enjoy :)

PD: Also be sure that the fork servers on demand is enabled, or you will need to manually
star each game server. Load on demand is disabled if your client stays stuck several hours
in the "Finding Age..." step.

Configuring
-----------

Read the uru.conf file for more info. It explains each variable, and how to configure it.

For admin access:
 1) Log into the game.
 2) run the script/addadmin.sh and answer well to all the questions.

Running
-------

Well, the best way is to run it as the nobody user, you can also create an user called Uru,
and run it as this user. Never run it as the superuser, or with an user with some privilegues.
Also a chrooted jail will add more security.

Helping
-------

You want to help, or join the project?

Then, is very simple, read the file HELPING.

What is required?

* Well, mainly C/C++ programers to code the server.
* Write documentation. This is basic, the programers do the code, and then the user write the
 documentation, you can rewrite this README and make it more clear for some people.
* Dedicated servers: Yes, we need dedicated servers (you must have root access), then we can test
 upcoming builds of the server, and P2P technology.
* Porting to other OSes.


What To Do if It don't works?
-----------------------------

If you are reading this, then is because it is not working.
Is expected to have several problems. I'm sure that it compiles without
problems in Mandrake 9.1 where it is being developed. Some issues with
Mandrake 10 have been recently solved.
You will need to send me, or post to the forums the output of the
compilation results.

If you have a problem related with the compiled servers, then you will need
to send me the log files, and or copy the last 500 hundred lines from the stdout
of the server that crashed.

Contact
-------

See the file AUTHORS for contact information.

